is
i can see
now i know
hallelujah
is
look inside and find a place
foreign
hallelujah
me and y'all
she's moving back to the area
so welcome back welcome back to your
neighborhood
we want to welcome everybody here today
so
we are going to now stand again
and sing
rise up
oh
ah
uh
oh
please
the cell phones interfere with our sound
system and we're already having to deal
with two poles that interfere with the
sound system so let's make it a little
tighter and turn off our cell phone
okay let's all take a deep breath
and if it feels comfortable for you
close your eyes
and let's allow ourselves to be fully
present in this
place that has been dedicated for a very
long time
for opening hearts awakening minds
it's been dedicated for a long long time
to take us into the core of our being
where we know
our magnificence
we know that we are the light of the
world
where we can access our joy our peace
our wisdom our creativity
and our faith and our strength
and our commitment to keep growing keep
deepening keep awakening
so we give thanks for this place
all those who came before us those who
had the vision
to establish such a movement
called unity
so today we once again open our hearts
and minds to feel our unity our oneness
with all of life all of humankind
with the one presence
know my many names
this service
is turned over to spirit and so it is
and so we let
okay here we are we're now going to do
together the lord's prayer translated
from the arabic language of jesus all
together please
and breath of all
create a space inside of us and fill us
with your presence
let oneness now prevail
your one desire then flows through ours
as energy fills all forms
give us this day our physical and
spiritual nourishment and untangle the
knots of error behind
us do not let appearances make us
forgetful of the source
but free us to act appropriately
from age to age through you flow the
glorious harmonies of life may these
words be fertile statements through
which our future grows
amen amen and amen
let's take a deep breath every sunday
when we gather together like this and we
say these words i hope you can feel the
power
the incredible presence of spirit
that
happens within us and around us when we
say this in a conscious way not rote
not
like just ho-hum but really connecting
with the words it's a powerful thing
okay
for all of you who i don't know yet and
maybe you don't know me as my name is
margaret miller i'm privileged to serve
as spiritual leader here at unity and
i'd also like to introduce our morning
team it takes a village to have a church
service
our ushers this morning are carol o'guy
and terry demario they're actually on
the bench
and uh our readers and ushers on video
this morning as bunny von healy's sound
is melody
and our music team ryan on saxophone
he's right there in the chair taking the
rest after that
and our singers this morning are marlene
and ann and lori and mary lou
paula
patty
and
dave back there
is on his flute and harmonica bill on
the piano kevin on his guitar dan on
drums
and then that doesn't speak to your
board of directors
charlene staff administrator
all the people the volunteers many many
people that it takes to create this
experience together
okay we're going to sing another song
lily's going to help us with this one
too
i want to tell you a little bit about
lilly russ
lilly is originally from georgetown
south
and carolina been doing that west coast
thing that a lot of people here did at
one time or another
and
she sounds like she's going to be making
her way back
home so we're glad about that
and she
sings uh
she performs all over the place doing
plays and special events and you also
are with the agave international
international spiritual sergeant i'm not
in the choir
thank you okay now we are going to sing
another song when we do we're going to
pass the duo kansas is not a regular
offering
this is for your loose change
and it goes to help folks in our
community who need a little extra
support from time to time
and we are going to
stand when you're ready and we're going
to sing a song that we used to sing in
the pentecostal and charismatic children
and my other life
i've got a free
my
i
oh
is
we are sounding great this morning so
i would like to invite all the children
tall and les paul up here chris would
you hold my pen now i'm coming ready to
take notes
they have a great speaker today i'm
taking notes
hey everybody
i want to know everybody's name there's
only one person up here whose name i
know right now
and that's elijah
and is it caleb and is it tristan yes
wow
and our
teachers this morning are miss pam and
miss
rachel hey rachel
so there is a very special holiday
coming up anybody know what it is
thanksgiving
what happens on thanksgiving
um it's all about love that's what i
know we have a guest speaker today
thanksgiving is all about love
i am so glad
and is it a time when
we
give thanks
what do we give thanks
what is included caleb and everything
what do you think what what do we have
to be grateful for
come on closer if you want to say
something in the microphone
because we want to hear it now
what do we have to be grateful for
what about being able to go to school
because there's some kids in the world
who can't go to school
do we have thanks for living near the
beach
yes
you know what i give thanks for i give
thanks for my fig trees and the birds
that come to my bird feeders and i do
things
for your mother
for life
and for god
so one
of the things that we are here very very
grateful for is that you
you
guys come
here
to remind us that we are the light of
the world
to remind us
that you have a lot to teach us and
remind us of we're really glad that
you're here that's one of the biggest
things i'm grateful for today that all
of you are here
because each one of us
have a part
in telling the wonderful story of our
human family waking up and realizing
that we really can be
love and kindness in the world
we can make a world that works for
everybody that's what we learn about
when we come here and you're a part of
that
so let's all stand we're going to give
thanks for you
by doing our blessing and it is
going to be up on the screen
and
i'm going to ask you to turn towards all
these people out here
and through with your hands remember
love and blessing comes through our
hands our words our eyes our presence so
you're going to bless all of them out
there and they're going to bless you
right back okay
we love you we bless you we appreciate
you
we behold christ in you and we love you
just the way you are
okay y'all we've got just a few
announcements to begin with right now
and that is our meditation class is
fabulous i am so
grateful
to be a part of this community and this
kind of meditation class
so it will continue through december
10th
and
our contemplative service is wednesday
night at 5 30
and then we continue on into the peace
chapel for the oneness lesson
and tonight
uh my sister pam and i are going to be
going to this i'll be one of the
speakers
and
any of you are welcome to go
it's the day of remembrance memorial for
people who've been killed in hate crimes
because of their sexual orientation
that's tonight 7 pm at nance plaza
now this is a really important thing
it's time to decorate our sanctuary for
the holidays
and sue sue stand up she's the first one
to sign up for this beautiful project
we're going to have a christmas tree
right here giving tree for hope house
the homeless kids at myrtle beach high
school and then we have a tree over here
for regency hospice
so if you would like to participate in
creating the wonderful energy of the
holidays here then please see sue and
sue
that sign up she is on my desk so if you
want to sign up see sue after service
okay
yeah
and that's it now there's one more
margaret i i'm sorry i forgot to do a
slide we are starting a new book in our
wednesday book group which is a fabulous
group so anybody who didn't want to come
in the middle of the book a week from
wednesday we're starting a new one okay
so the new book
will be daring greatly
by renee
brown
and so that will be happening probably a
couple of wednesdays from now
okay
all right so let's take a deep breath
and once again we are reading this
morning out of how to speak unity if you
didn't know how to speak unity you can
buy a book
of different terms about unity
and one of the words that this author
temple haze defines is the word of being
and so this is what unity chief teaches
are we human beings or human doings
in our culture we have created a belief
that levels of busyness equal levels of
importance we need a 12-step root for
that
to achieve this sense of importance we
often push ourselves past our natural
limits
we were created as human beings rather
than human doing
let's all say that together we were
created as human beings rather than
humans
it is imperative that we remember to
take time to simply
be
incorporating regular routines such as
meditation
or walks in nature
rejuvenate our spirits and lower our
stress that's a good thing
but some of us were doing last saturday
at the
mayher spiritual center we were walking
in nature
nature is free to us
and allows us to connect with our inner
stillness
for the book of psalms
we remember be still
and know
i am god
so part of what we try to do here in
what we hope to do is to create a space
of stillness
and peace even within
the atmosphere of singing and teaching
and listening and learning and
encouraging one another it's all about
healing and we give thanks for that
okay now we're going to read our unity
statement of purpose
please all of us together i am the
consciousness of unity christ church
a unified lord and congregation
nurturing spiritual growth inspiring
creativity
sharing time talents treasures and
expanding awareness
and
thank you very much
good morning everybody
so the song that i'm getting ready to
sing to you was
a dream
i will sleep and beyonce was singing
this song in my dream
and i always have to give people space
to laugh
there was a man and he had who
was very destroyed apparently something
tragic had happened in his life
and he had moved into mental illness
and he began to walk around the middle
of a water tower
and beyonce lived on the second floor
and she could see the man in the
watertown
and she looked out of her window and
started singing and song to him
then she invited the man into his house
to her house and started stroking his
hair and singing these words into his
eyes
and i woke up
and i just kept singing the song
and so there will be a point in that
time while i'm singing that i will ask
you to look into somebody's eyes and say
these words
baby
god will come for you
come forward
know
you
um
baby
no one knows
beautiful thank you
okay i would like to welcome everybody
and
make a special note of welcoming
first-time visitors so if you're here
for the first time would you please if
you want to
stand give us your name and where you're
visiting from
yes ma'am
pat shank washington dc welcome
you're here with lily from georgetown
welcome
welcome georgetown okay
let people in from california
who else is
here from los
angeles but i was born in georgetown and
this is my first time back since 1987.
why
i'd be curious to know if you see any
changes
myrtle beach welcome
okay
and anybody
back who hasn't been here in a long long
time and we might just want to make a
special note that you're here yes ma'am
welcome welcome back i never my soul
never left
welcome
welcome anybody else
yes
i'm cara bella sarah we just moved here
from the washington dc area and i was
here in september so i'm back for good
welcome
back bro bench anybody okay going once
going twice and here we are welcome
everybody okay
we are going to now
uh read the daily word this is one of
our oldest publications
and
we have
a beautiful affirmation up here this
morning and the word is comfort right
you know from in the south in
jacksonville we say comfort
and then
my voice teacher
drilled it into my brain come forth and
i see that you sing that word just like
that when you sing your comfort song
god is my comfort and my refuge let's
say that together
god is my comfort and my refuge
and the daily work goes on to say this
life is full of joy
and sorrow but no condition is beyond
the comfort of spirit
whatever my experience even before i
voice my prayer the comfort i seek is
available to me i have what i need for
any situation i ask
and i receive
no request is too great or too small
each one invites answers abundance and
comfort to arise within me
all that i need is available for me to
claim in this very moment
spirit in me
is my comforter inspiration and guidance
to manifest what i need
gratitude fills my heart as i know my
needs are met
i am sheltered in the loving embrace of
the divine presence
peace fills me heart and soul
god is my comfort and my refuge and from
the book of hebrews we who have taken
refuge might be strongly encouraged to
cease the hope set before us and again
our affirmation
god is my comfort and my dream
okay
now for those of you how many of you
were here yesterday in the workshop look
around there really a lot of people here
yesterday
i heard as people were coming in this
morning
saying this is one of the best workshops
they've ever been to not just here but
any of their workshop journeys so thank
you chris
dr chris fish
is a family he's a part of the
neighborhood
partly because his mother-in-law is our
own ann marie
and our bookstore manager and she first
brought to us the word of chris and his
books
he comes to us after over 30 years
of being a professor of religious
studies philosopher teaching at gunstown
state
and he's former director of education
with institute of noetic sciences
two of his books are down in the
bookstore
and he brings to us wonderful wisdom and
insight so he is our speaker this
morning
and
for those of us who want to stay after
service he's going to do a brief q a
so you can plan on uh going to the
bathroom real quick getting some water
coming back upstairs after service
okay so
uh this is the title of his talk today
and we are going to go into a meditation
song and then chris is going to take
over from there okay
all right so let's all stay seated and
let's um
let's
dim the lights
takes me
down the road
so slowly
and i can't ask
oh what a beautiful
place
to see your
face
to see
your face
who is me
what a beautiful place
i live
to see
my
you're
thank you thank
good you everybody
i've been told i have to remember to
hold this mic close up to my face so if
i drop off you just shoot your hand up
and remind me
it's a pleasure to be here with you
today it was labor day i think labor day
weekend when i was here last with you
it's nice to be back
so the topic today i'd like to talk with
you about is no fear of death
and so
beginning with meditation
that's good
okay
get on the
ground solid
feel the chair underneath you
close your eyes
sew it into your breathing
and in your mind's eye
see all of us in the room in one large
circle
just
transpose into a circle
and take your left hand and put it on
the shoulder again in your mind's eye
put it on the shoulder of the person
next to you
so that we're all together touching each
other
sharing touch sharing the energy of our
lives
yield that circle
and now
bring to mind
someone
above your style
and see them standing behind you
for more than one
and let them put their hand on your
shoulder
our hands
we've all lost someone
so now we have two circles
second circle is probably larger than
the inner circle
now
they
have also
known death
and well separation from someone they
loved
so imagine bring to mind
in your mind's eye
someone that the person you loved
also lost and let them stand behind
them in a third circle
and put their hand
touch
the second circle
wearing older clothes of their time in
history
men and women
old and young
now that third
generation they were separated from
someone in death
so we're going to let this process
repeat itself
and repeat itself
adding adding ring
on the ring
touching
our shoulders touching their shoulders
and touching each other
until the ring goes back
far at the time
spreading out through history
feel the enormity
of the community
of those who are united
in death
now in your mind's eye
bring to mind
the next generation
the children in front of you
and put your hand on their shoulder
and then in your mind's eye
picture
their children
and then their children
and again
put their hand on their shoulder
and then they put their hand on the next
generation shoulder and on the next
generation shoulder
those who have died and those who will
die
we feel the enormity of this community
and we just started out from the people
in this room
and feel the naturalness
of the coming and going of life
just the natural simplicity
of a cycle of birth
and death
sharing life experience
and letting it go
reaching back as far as we can imagine
reaching forward as far as we can see as
far as we can imagine
the community of
and life in your heart
your oneness with this community
and
utter relax
of this truth
okay
wiggle your fingers and toes
bring your awareness back into your body
so many things are changing in the world
around us there's so many exciting
developments so many powerful
transformative processes taking place in
my life and for me as an academic one of
the great
transformative changes taking place in
universities is around this topic of is
there
is around death and around
the research which is changing our
relationship to death
because up until about 30 years ago
many people believed in my character
death
and many people had faith in life after
death but not many people had knowledge
what they would consider you know
knowledge of that reality
and today
this is changing
now we have so many areas of research
which seem to be penetrating the veil of
death and so this pervasive terror which
haunts the modern world view ever since
the rise of science in the 17th 18th
19th century with this vision that the
physical world is the only world that's
real and it all came about through
chance screened by necessity and there's
no meaning to life and when we die when
our brain dies you know our
consciousness just disappears what a
horrible philosophy but that is the
orthodoxy that's taught in university
where i teach and which is taught in
universities around the world and it is
all outdated
even though it's gospel it's all
passe
it's fading so what i'd like to do is
just give you a
sample of 12 books
that i think give us interesting
insights into this larger cycle of life
because if you're afraid of dying you
really don't know what life is about
if you're afraid of dying you've got it
all backwards
when really it's when you're born that's
when the hard work begins but when you
die that's when recess comes that's
that's where graduation takes place so
if you're afraid of graduation
then you don't know what you're doing
so let's get clear on what we're doing
here so today
i just wanted to talk about
12 books i'm trying to identify
the books which i've shared with my
students through the years which have
meant the most to them around the topic
of death
in four areas
one
reincarnation research
cycle of life
second
near-death episode research what it's
like to talk
third
life between life therapy which is the
fastest growing area in hypnotherapy a
subdivision of past life therapy
and fourth psychedelic research
now i know you may be surprised to hear
that one mentioned here because we have
a whole lot of negative conditioning
about psychedelics we all kind of went
through the reagan era and just say no
and
we kind of forgot that for several
thousands of years human beings have
been gathering in sacred circles using
sacred membranes and medicines to
remember help them remember who they are
and recover their place in the universe
so that's the context for it so i just
want to give you three books so pick
three books in each of these areas so
oh okay keeping them eye on the plot
here we go
three books
in reincarnation research and i i
apologize for putting my own in the list
right
there you have it
otherwise other cells by roger wilker
uh who is a past lives therapist he's
now
he just passed about a year and a half
ago and uh he's so he's in the bleacher
seats
if i am asked what's the best single
book by one author who is a past life's
therapist
person i always say who is roger wilbur
he's just a he's a wonderful writer he's
good he's got a good solid grasp on the
history of the tradition
he's a wonderful therapist he takes you
into
the act of
helping people recover their what i call
their deep memory helping people recover
the deeper sense of
who they are helping them remember who
they were before they were born helping
them trace down the knots that they find
in their present life where do those
knots come from some of them come from
their childhood some of them come from a
previous life or life before their most
recent previous life he just untangles
it beautifully
and then carol bowman
was a nurse
who wasn't really interested in past
lives therapy until her child started
having night terrors her child started
having
fears come up in his dreams and she got
like any good mother she got involved in
helping him untangle those dreams and
helping him uncover what was scaring him
and it turned out what was scaring him
was the memory of a previous life that
was beginning to bubble up inside his
head
and he helped her she helped him
accept that memory
live it
and then the dreams the bad dreams
stopped
and she got involved and she began to
put something up on the web and hundreds
and hundreds of people began to contact
her and she started working with
children and with parents of children
who basically have these memories
bubbling up
and so she became kind of a
significant writer and player in the
field and this is a wonderful book it's
filled with lots and lots of case
histories of children remembering their
former lives and she talks to parents
and helps them understand that this is a
totally natural
innocent thing and how to help your
child if your child starts to have these
memories which are not all negative
sometimes they're very positive ecstatic
memories
helping the children integrate those
memories into the larger which because
what we're doing is remembering our soul
because the soul is holding all of those
lies
and
life cycles was the first book i wrote
which
uh as an academic this was my response
to ian stevenson's work to study a small
children from all over the world when
they begin to talk they remember their
previous lives and he's been able to
document this i've been i think
stevenson is the charles darwin of
reincarnation theory and uh this is my
reflection on his research bringing it
forward making it available and then
asking the question so what
if reincarnation is a fact of life what
are the ramifications
of living in a reincarnated universe
and i think there are profound
ramifications because if you don't
understand reincarnation you don't
understand what's happening it's
impossible to understand the logic of
life or the wisdom of life or the
intelligence of the creator
if you think that we only live in life
one time
that's like taking a sherlock holmes
novel pulling one chapter out of the
middle of the novel reading it and
trying to understand what's going on
you have to sort of think large you have
to learn to think
in the perspective of
god if god would spend 13.7 billion
years
evolving a galaxy why would god only
invest 100 years in the soul
so reincarnation the cycle of life but
it dissolves the fear of dying when you
understand that dying is followed by a
rest and is followed by a return which
is followed by life which is followed by
death which is followed by
resting and then is followed by a return
this wonderful cycle of life
what's it like to die
we know what it looks like on the
outside it's kind of unpleasant to look
at from the outside but what's it like
to experience it on the inside well
let's ask people whose heart had stopped
let's ask people whose brain waves went
flat and yet our medical technology
pulled it back now we have millions and
millions of people who have gone through
this experience since the korea war
where we began to develop trauma
medicine
here are my three favorite books in this
area
the first two
were written by kenny rink who is a
professor at the university of
connecticut all his professional life
he's one of the founders of the near
death episode movement founder of the
journal of thanatology
uh this isn't his first book heading
toward omega is not his first book it's
his second book
his first book where he documented
the phenomenon of near that near death
episodes the second book he's asking
what's the meaning of near-death
episodes what are we supposed to learn
about life
from studying near-death episodes and he
decided the best way to do this was to
study people who had the deepest
near-death experience because not all
near-death episodes are as deep some of
them are kind of superficial some of the
leading and something very very deep
well he said let's focus on the ones who
went really really deep who not only got
out of their body went through the
tunnel i already saw the light that went
into the light what he calls core in the
ears
and he studies them in heading toward
jamaica
and their wonderful wonderful personal
accounts
because he has
he has collected from all over the world
wonderful experience as people share
their stories with ken and he's a
wonderful archivist of their stories and
chapter three
of heading toward omega contains 13
people's experiences of very very deep
near-death experiences and it just
touches your heart it touches your soul
these people have gone
into god
and it's clear that they're touching
something profound and it changed their
life it changed their mind it changed
their emotions it changed their values
it changed their religion
changed their priorities and even
changed their physiology
having lessons from the light is ken's
last book on your death efficient
research so it's kind of at the end of a
long distinguished career studying these
things this is his last volume on it
where he really pulls together the
research he studies near the episodes of
those who are blind
from birth who have a near-death episode
and they can see
even though they've been blind
and there is a chapter chapter 13 at the
end where it's called returning to the
source where he has the deepest
near-death episodes and again
these are spiritual odysseys which are
just profound i mean they're
they're just extraordinary and their
story is your story
their story is your story and you can
feel this because
when you read it we've all died
we've been through this before
you know and this is just remembering it
helps us remember our experience it
helps us connect with this larger
landscape that life is part of
now
what if this is just
endorphin rush from extinguishing
whether this is really just fantasy what
is it this is just kind of a
uh wish fulfilling kind of exercise well
here let's take a look at
this last book of pimpham loma who's a
norwegian psychiatrist
there have been many studies by
scientists of the near death episode
experience i think this is the best one
it's that if you really if you have a
really
skeptical spouse or you are a skeptical
spouse and you really want to look at
the
near-death episode from a critical
scientific philosophical perspective
read this book
now
it says really good it's hardcore
analysis and his conclusion is every
attempt to explain away these
experiences fails
they fail to do justice to the reality
experience when you get into the detail
of the cases these things withstand
critical scrutiny just fine thank you
very much
this is the one i give my academic
colleagues when they want to go boo boo
this and google that i said okay read
this and then come back and talk to me
now
just to throw a fourth one and i
couldn't help but proof of heaven you
know you you know eden
alexander's work we have this in the
bookstore downstairs uh
wonderful wonderful account there are
numerous accounts of one individual who
has a profound near-death episode had
guts to write it down and took guts for
this guy to write it down because he's a
neurosurgeon and everybody knows
i mean if the hindus want to go to
heaven when they die that's fine but
harvard mural surgeons do not go to
heaven
i think it's a very brave and courageous
book
one more area all right trying to stay
on schedule here
life between life therapy what is that
well
here are the three books here
and these are wonderful we have two of
them in the bookstore downstairs of
course to michael newton's work i like
michael newton's work a lot if there
were any one single book
and
i recommend to people who really want to
address the nature of what happens when
we die i say start with michael duke
because i know if there'd be a journey
in the soul
of souls they're going to read destiny
of souls and the two of them really make
up one
volume of work michael was a past life
therapist
he was doing past lives therapy was
taking people into hypnotic regression
is healing helping people heal by
uncovering the deepest sources of their
issues in this life
and one day he gave an ambiguous
instruction and he found that his client
not only
remembered their previous life but
remembered what happened to them after
they died in their previous life they
were able to remember the time between
death and birth
and he said well damn
that's amazing and so he started taking
people back into that life between my
state and when he had taken 600 people
how long does it take you to develop
cases like that 600 people into that
life between life state he wrote this
first book journey of souls
and he just describes what his clients
described happening to them
and then later a few years later he
wrote destiny of souls he kind of
thickens the plot a little bit
and people were very interested and they
began to come to michael and the
therapist coming wanting to be trained
and eventually he created an institute
where professionals can come to be
trained in doing life between life
therapy and that's what's happening in
the third book memories of the afterlife
where you have therapists who have all
been trained by michael who basically
there's a short introduction explaining
who they are and how they got in this
work and then there's a case history
from their clients of someone who
remembers the time between life and this
is the missing piece of life
the reason i call my book life cycles is
because if life is a cycle
and right now we're mostly paying
attention to only one half of the cycle
from birth to death
but if you don't understand what's
happening from death to birth you can't
understand the whole
cycle there there is a logic to it there
is a progression there is a deep brief
time when you die there is the return to
home return to source time and
michael emphasizes it's a social time
there is a community in heaven and there
are commun you are part of
a soul cluster he says
average number of souls he finds from
his research is 15 souls in a cluster
and you it's like your class your
matriculation class and no matter how
many times you incarnate no matter how
many hundreds or thousands of times you
incarnate you always return to connect
with these individuals they're part of
like your soul family
you go through life together they don't
always evolve at the same rate because
some are slow learners and some are fast
learners but you evolve together and
their guides and the guides have guides
and the guides guides have guides and he
describes in great detail the texture of
this community and
what i love about michael's work is the
detail
the detail of
people who died who have lived a life so
mean so vengeful so hateful they've done
so much harm they've hurt so many people
what happens to them when they die
and he says there's no help we all go
home
but some people have been so mangled in
life that it takes special they take
special care
their energy has to be healed and
realigned before they can return to the
community of heaven
he goes and there are specialists who
work with them engage them intercept
them hold them heal them
and help them find their way back home
there's just layer upon layer michael
fills in some of the missing pieces and
if you know the spiritual literature if
you know the mystical literature of the
great saints and sages from eastern and
western mystical traditions everything
michael is showing us is coherent and
congruent with what the mystics have
been telling us
the difference is now we have hundreds
and thousands of people just like you
and me
who
are going into this territory instead of
being simply monks and nuns and isolated
monastic retreats going into this
territory
the secret knowledge of these things is
becoming public it's becoming part of
our public record and it's becoming part
of your students education in college
if faculty want to take them there and
it's it changes lives i've just seen so
many students it changes their lives
because
once you understand what's going on
not only do you lose your fear of death
but you
you
grab a deeper meaning to life you begin
to understand what your life is about
the challenges that are embedded and by
the way michael newton describes the
choices that we make
in order to imprenate what happens and
he shows
how people know what they're getting
into before they're born
they make conscious choices to enter the
life they're
entering
now we might think why would i choose a
life like this
why choose pain and suffering why choose
handicap why choose early death why why
choose these things
but you have to look at life from the
perspective of the soul not from the
perspective of the ego you have to look
at the purpose of life and the
perspective of the deep souls agenda and
the soul's agenda is much larger than
our personal agenda life is not about
being comfortable
life is about becoming more being more
challenging that happens through
challenge
and lastly
psychedelic research
sacred medicine work
and the in the indigenous traditions
they call these things not hallucinogens
because that implies that the visions
which these trigger are false
but sacred medicines and their tradition
is
that
the gods knew when human beings
incarnated they would forget
they would forget who we are and what's
going on and these medicines help us
remember
they help us remember who we are
and what the game of life is
now i'm not talking about tripping both
dripping is interestingly fun we're
talking about
serious psychotherapeutic work and the
the man here the foremost person is the
man the
founder one of the co-founders of the
transpersonal psychology movement along
with abraham maslow is a man named
stanislav roth
and he's written about 15 16 books by
now
and
this is him here
one of the great
thinkers of the trans-personal
psychology movement
and
my favorite three books of his
particularly pertaining to the issue of
death what happens to us when we die are
these three books now
a little warning this is not exactly
easy reading
just because this first book is lsd
psychotherapy
this is a technical manual written for
doctors and nurses and psychotherapists
on
how to manage
psychedelic therapy how to manage a
therapeutic session low doses high doses
counter indications how to screen
managing the session managing after the
session this is this is not timothy
theory
this is a different this is serious
therapeutic work this is uh
the modern recovery of an ancient
tradition
after writing
alice in psychotherapy and writing
several books on the clinical
implications for
the implications of psychedelic research
for psychology and theories of
consciousness and several intervening
work and a book on their work in
psychedelic therapy with the terminally
ill
helping them
adjust to the reality of their impending
death he wrote this book the cosmic game
the cosmic game is basically
a discussion of the
philosophical and theological
ramifications of psychedelic research
so it's the cosmology book it's the it's
the big picture
and stan has a profound portrait of the
big picture and not surprisingly once
you understand it's
it's nothing new
we've seen this before
we've seen it in the great mystical
traditions of the world
we've seen it in the great meditation
traditions of the world psychedelics is
not the issue psychedelics is simply a
method one more method that humanity has
used to tap into the very deep
foundational core of our lives and the
life of the universe meditation is a
method trans dancing is a method fasting
and isolation is a method silence is a
method
the careful conscientious use of sacred
medicines is a method for entering into
this reality
the third ultimate journey is
specifically where stan is addressing
the issue of death
and he looks at death from a
cross-cultural perspective from an
historical perspective he's drawing upon
south american traditions
native american traditions
uh
indian traditions
and psychedelic research traditions
bringing it all together
is there any mention of ayahuasca in any
of those books uh yes there is
there is an ayahuasca basically another
psychedelic used it's
used in brazil it's legal in brazil the
brazilian government
chose investigated the communities that
were using ayahuasca they chose to keep
ayahuasca legal
now ayahuasca is legal in this country
there is a community in ashland and in
texas in houston that went took the
right to the supreme court and won the
right to use sacred medicine ayahuasca
in their church
okay so these are not renegades these
are not people who are pushing the
outside you know just on the outside of
society these are trying people who are
trying to help society recover the
powerful agents of self-transformation
that have historically been the role of
these sacred substances
can they be abused yeah they can't
were they yeah they were
but if we have the wisdom to use them
properly they can be truly agents of
deep sacred transformation
and i would just add the fourth book my
second book is in this lineage a dark
not early bomb i'm writing as a
philosopher of religion and i believe
psychedelics are very important to the
psychology of consciousness and
understanding the psychology you know
the depth of this human psyche and this
capacity to enter into
the mind of the universe at large
so
i'm kind of i'm putting it out of the
line
one of the things that happens in
psychedelic therapy is just like in all
the other areas you lose your fear of
death
when you are able to tap into
who you are underneath the body
who you are inside the very essence of
the body
and the wonderful universe that gave
birth to you and brought you forward
well then you just stopped being afraid
of dying dying is your best friend
dying is graduation
dying is the culmination of your life
it's part of the cycle of life
if you read those 12 books
if you were afraid of dying before i
don't think you're going to be afraid to
die now and even if you weren't afraid
of dying you're going to really
understand the life process much more
deeply if you read these books thanks
very much
thank you
so what i hear you saying
don't worry be happy
i hear you saying
that there's much more
to our world and to our lives than
simply
getting more living life and leaving her
that there's an entire
spectrum of life experience in the body
and out of body
that we're surrounded by a community of
uh heaven i love your term for that the
bible said a great cloud of witnesses
like you said your friends in the
bleacher seats
many of us here can feel
the presence of our heavenly friends and
loved ones
so i appreciate all the research
personal research and
learning being mentored with some of
these great thinkers so thank you for
bringing
these ideas to us you're always welcome
thank you
so let's take a deep breath we're going
to do our sacred uh
have our sacred opportunity to give
tries and donations
for the ongoing health and well-being
and continuing
with this wonderful community how many
of you know you're part of an incredible
beautiful spiritual community here
and we have many communities don't we
and some of our communities blend here
we have
people who have their other spiritual
paths other communities they come here
to unity sometimes
so for our ongoing blessing we receive
our ties and donations
i have my time check here it's my great
privilege to be a tiger
and to tithe on my paycheck that i am
getting today right
okay so we have a blessing and a hand
mover that goes with it everybody please
i am live
following through me
blessing these gifts to radiate peace
and our hand will
bless us with music thank you
and the way we go
uh
one moment
it's reincarnation of the song
happy hour
my
oh
don't worry
is
i'm here
whatever it is
hey
i have heard the story and i wonder if
it's true that bobby mccarry received
that message from makerbot don't worry
happy there you go
okay y'all let's place our offspring one
more time with our hand mudra i am one
loving through me blessing these gifts
to radiate
peace on their faces
y'all want to bring your attention to
this table over here lily has brought a
few of her cds if you want to take the
blessing of her music home you can see
her over here at this table after
service thank you
tomorrow i've already started this work
as working at the workshop yesterday
i've continued it in my meditations
susan i'm ready for you tomorrow me too
so tomorrow 11-1 closer walk with god
susan will be here supporting us to
catch hold of some of that cheaper work
that she brought back with her from
india and on this university
and
we are also doing our annual unity art
day if you're going to get a table and
you're going to be an artist
craftsperson at that event you need to
sign up downstairs on the lobby sign up
sheet for that art day okay
and
the attractions book is downstairs for
sale and i've already gotten my money
back on it with the coupons
okay
and
next sunday we're doing uh again a topic
out of our meditation book from the
meditation class opening your heart love
compassion and forgiveness and i'll just
share with you that we're going to jump
off what chris brought us we're going to
jump off that into some really great
information that all came through was a
great download this morning and my
meditation
okay
all right and
next week
there will be a possible
repaving of this road out here in front
of the church they did it incorrectly
imagine
so they're going to come and
re-pave and restrike so if there's a
problem parking out here next week you
can park behind the church yes ma'am i'd
like to make it home that when i did
park this morning i was told that an
individual
down the road is attempting to tow
okay so anyway so there may be some
parking issues next week you can car
pool you can park in the back of the
church a few folks parked in old time
pottery and walked over it's not a long
walk or tell us you need a ride from all
time pottery and we'll get some folks to
do a
little carpool is that okay
all right
here we go let's all stand and make our
circles
i know that there are at least i know
there are at least four or five creative
people
who want to be a part of decorating the
sanctuary for christmas
i know you're out here in a circle
and soon here's the sign up she sees sue
about helping decorate december 1st is
the first sunday of admit and that's
when we want our trees done okay
everybody
okay so let's say our prayer for
protection
this is uh james phillip freeman wrote
this
and we say it for ourselves and all
those we're holding in our hearts the
life of god surrounds us the love of god
unfolds us the power of god protects us
the presence of god watches over us
wherever we are god is and all
of us after you say it a couple of
thousand times you might
memorize it correctly
all right and now we do our peace song
we sing it like a prayer
please
is
every
we're going to meet back